Chapter 1 Review Questions
1. Your developers want to run fully provisioned EC2 instances to support their application code deployments but prefer not to have to worry about manually configuring and launching the necessary infrastructure. Which of the following should they use?
   1. AWS Lambda
   2. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
   3. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
   4. Amazon Route 53
2. Some of your application's end users are complaining of delays when accessing your resources from remote geographic locations. Which of these services would be the most likely to help reduce the delays?
   1. Amazon CloudFront
   2. Amazon Route 53
   3. Elastic Load Balancing
   4. Amazon Glacier
3. Which of the following is the best use-case scenario for Elastic Block Store?
   1. You need a cheap and reliable place to store files your application can access.
   2. You need a safe place to store backup archives from your local servers.
   3. You need a source for on-demand compute cycles to meet fluctuating demand for your application.
   4. You need persistent storage for the filesystem run by your EC2 instance.
4. You need to integrate your company's local user access controls with some of your AWS resources. Which of the following can help you control the way your local users access your AWS services and administration console? (Choose two.)
   1. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
   2. Key Management Service (KMS)
   3. AWS Directory Service
   4. Simple WorkFlow (SWF)
   5. Amazon Cognito
5. The data consumed by the application you're planning will require more speed and flexibility than you can get from a closely defined relational database structure. Which AWS database service should you choose?
   1. Relational Database Service (RDS)
   2. Amazon Aurora
   3. Amazon DynamoDB
   4. Key Management Service (KMS)
6. You've launched an EC2 application server instance in the AWS Ireland region and you need to access it from the web. Which of the following is the correct endpoint address that you should use?
   1. compute.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com
   2. ec2.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com
   3. elasticcomputecloud.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com
   4. ec2.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
7. When working to set up your first AWS deployment, you keep coming across the term availability zone. What exactly is an availability zone?
   1. An isolated physical datacenter within an AWS region
   2. A region containing multiple isolated datacenters
   3. A single network subnet used by resources within a single region
   4. A single isolated server room within a datacenter
8. As you plan your multi-tiered, multi-instance AWS application, you need a way to effectively organize your instances and configure their network connectivity and access control. Which tool will let you do that?
   1. Load Balancing
   2. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
   3. Amazon CloudFront
   4. AWS endpoints
9. You want to be sure that the application you're building using EC2 and S3 resources will be reliable enough to meet the regulatory standards required within your industry. What should you check?
   1. Historical uptime log records
   2. The AWS Program Compliance Tool
   3. The AWS service level agreement (SLA)
   4. The AWS Compliance Programs documentation page
   5. The AWS Shared Responsibility Model
10. Your organization's operations team members need a way to access and administer your AWS infrastructure via your local command line or shell scripts. Which of the following tools will let them do that?
   1. AWS Config
   2. AWS CLI
   3. AWS SDK
   4. The AWS Console
11. While building a large AWS-based application, your company has been facing configuration problems they can't solve on their own. As a result, they need direct access to AWS support for both development and IT team leaders. Which support plan should you purchase?
   1. Business
   2. Developer
   3. Basic
   4. Enterprise
12. You've got a complex, multi-tiered application running on local servers that you want to migrate to the cloud. Which of these tools will provide you with the specific tools you'll need to move the application with the least risk and the least disruption?
   1. AWS Application Migration Service
   2. AWS Migration Hub
   3. AWS Application Discovery Service
   4. AWS Lift and Shift
Chapter 2 Review Questions
1. You need to deploy multiple EC2 Linux instances that will provide your company with virtual private networks (VPNs) using software called OpenVPN. Which of the following will be the most efficient solutions? (Choose two.)
   1. Select a regular Linux AMI and bootstrap it using user data that will install and configure the OpenVPN package on the instance and use it for your VPN instances.
   2. Search the community AMIs for an official AMI provided and supported by the OpenVPN company.
   3. Search the AWS Marketplace to see whether there's an official AMI provided and supported by the OpenVPN company.
   4. Select a regular Linux AMI and SSH to manually install and configure the OpenVPN package.
   5. Create a site-to-site VPN connection from the wizard in the AWS VPC dashboard.
2. As part of your company's long-term cloud migration strategy, you have a VMware virtual machine in your local infrastructure that you'd like to copy to your AWS account and run as an EC2 instance. Which of the following will be necessary steps? (Choose two.)
   1. Import the virtual machine to your AWS region using a secure SSH tunnel.
   2. Import the virtual machine using VM Import/Export.
   3. Select the imported VM from among your private AMIs and launch an instance.
   4. Select the imported VM from the AWS Marketplace AMIs and launch an instance.
   5. Use the AWS CLI to securely copy your virtual machine image to an S3 bucket within the AWS region you'll be using.
3. Your AWS CLI command to launch an AMI as an EC2 instance has failed, giving you an error message that includes InvalidAMIID.NotFound. What of the following is the most likely cause?
   1. You haven't properly configured the ~/.aws/config file.
   2. The AMI is being updated and is temporarily unavailable.
   3. Your key pair file has been given the wrong (overly permissive) permissions.
   4. The AMI you specified exists in a different region than the one you've currently specified.
4. The sensitivity of the data your company works with means that the instances you run must be secured through complete physical isolation. What should you specify as you configure a new instance?
   1. Dedicated Host tenancy
   2. Shared tenancy
   3. Dedicated Instance tenancy
   4. Isolated tenancy
5. Normally, two instances running m5.large instance types can handle the traffic accessing your online e-commerce site, but you know that you will face short, unpredictable periods of high demand. Which of the following choices should you implement? (Choose two.)
   1. Configure autoscaling.
   2. Configure load balancing.
   3. Purchase two m5.large instances on the spot market and as many on-demand instances as necessary.
   4. Shut down your m5.large instances and purchase instances using a more robust instance type to replace them.
   5. Purchase two m5.large reserve instances and as many on-demand instances as necessary.
6. Which of the following use cases would be most cost effective if run using spot market instances?
   1. Your e-commerce website is built using a publicly available AMI.
   2. You provide high-end video rendering services using a fault-tolerant process that can easily manage a job that was unexpectedly interrupted.
   3. You're running a backend database that must be reliably updated to keep track of critical transactions.
   4. Your deployment runs as a static website on S3.
7. In the course of a routine infrastructure audit, your organization discovers that some of your running EC2 instances are not configured properly and must be updated. Which of the following configuration details cannot be changed on an existing EC2 instance?
   1. AMI
   2. Instance type
   3. Security group
   4. Public IP address
8. For an account with multiple resources running as part of multiple projects, which of the following key/value combination examples would make for the most effective identification convention for resource tags?
   1. servers:server1
   2. project1:server1
   3. EC2:project1:server1
   4. server1:project1
9. Which of the following EBS options will you need to keep your data-hungry application that requires up to 20,000 IOPS happy?
   1. Cold HDD
   2. General-purpose SSD
   3. Throughput-optimized HDD
   4. Provisioned-IOPS SSD
10. Your organization needs to introduce Auto Scaling to its infrastructure and needs to generate a “golden image” AMI from an existing EBS volume. This image will need to be shared among multiple AWS accounts belonging to your organization. Which of the following steps will get you there? (Choose three.)
   1. Create an image from a detached EBS volume, use it to create a snapshot, select your new AMI from your private collection, and use it for your launch configuration.
   2. Create a snapshot of the EBS root volume you need, use it to create an image, select your new AMI from your private collection, and use it for your launch configuration.
   3. Create an image from the EBS volume attached to the instance, select your new AMI from your private collection, and use it for your launch configuration.
   4. Search the AWS Marketplace for the appropriate image and use it for your launch configuration.
   5. Import the snapshot of an EBS root volume from a different AWS account, use it to create an image, select your new AMI from your private collection, and use it for your launch configuration.
11. Which of the following are benefits of instance store volumes? (Choose two.)
   1. Instance volumes are physically attached to the server that's hosting your instance, allowing faster data access.
   2. Instance volumes can be used to store data even after the instance is shut down.
   3. The use of instance volumes does not incur costs (beyond those for the instance itself).
   4. You can set termination protection so that an instance volume can't be accidentally shut down.
   5. Instance volumes are commonly used as a base for the creation of AMIs.
12. According to default behavior (and AWS recommendations), which of the following IP addresses could be assigned as the private IP for an EC2 instance? (Choose two.)
   1. 54.61.211.98
   2. 23.176.92.3
   3. 172.17.23.43
   4. 10.0.32.176
   5. 192.140.2.118
13. You need to restrict access to your EC2 instance-based application to only certain clients and only certain targets. Which three attributes of an incoming data packet are used by a security group to determine whether it should be allowed through? (Choose three.)
   1. Network port
   2. Source address
   3. Datagram header size
   4. Network protocol
   5. Destination address
14. How are IAM roles commonly used to ensure secure resource access in relation to EC2 instances?
   1. A role can assign processes running on the EC2 instance itself permission to access other AWS resources.
   2. A user can be given permission to authenticate as a role and access all associated resources.
   3. A role can be associated with individual instance-based processes (Linux instances only), giving them permission to access other AWS resources.
   4. A role can give users and resources permission to access the EC2 instance.
15. You have an instance running within a private subnet that needs external network access to receive software updates and patches. Which of the following can securely provide that access from a public subnet within the same VPC? (Choose two.)
   1. Internet gateway
   2. NAT instance
   3. Virtual private gateway
   4. NAT gateway
   5. VPN
16. What do you have to do to securely authenticate to the GUI console of a Windows EC2 session?
   1. Use the private key of your key pair to initiate an SSH tunnel session.
   2. Use the public key of your key pair to initiate an SSH tunnel session.
   3. Use the public key of your key pair to retrieve the password you'll use to log in.
   4. Use the private key of your key pair to retrieve the password you'll use to log in.
17. Your application deployment includes multiple EC2 instances that need low-latency connections to each other. Which of the following AWS tools will allow you to locate EC2 instances closer to each other to reduce network latency?
   1. Load balancing
   2. Placement groups
   3. AWS Systems Manager
   4. AWS Fargate
18. To save configuration time and money, you want your application to run only when network events trigger it but shut down immediately after. Which of the following will do that for you?
   1. AWS Lambda
   2. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
   3. Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)
   4. Auto Scaling
19. Which of the following will allow you to quickly copy a virtual machine image from your local infrastructure to your AWS VPC?
   1. AWS Simple Storage Service (S3)
   2. AWS Snowball
   3. VM Import/Export
   4. AWS Direct Connect
20. You've configured an EC2 Auto Scaling group to use a launch configuration to provision and install an application on several instances. You now need to reconfigure Auto Scaling to install an additional application on new instances. Which of the following should you do?
   1. Modify the launch configuration.
   2. Create a launch template and configure the Auto Scaling group to use it.
   3. Modify the launch template.
   4. Modify the CloudFormation template.
21. You create an Auto Scaling group with a minimum group size of 3, a maximum group size of 10, and a desired capacity of 5. You then manually terminate two instances in the group. Which of the following will Auto Scaling do?
   1. Create two new instances.
   2. Reduce the desired capacity to 3.
   3. Nothing.
   4. Increment the minimum group size to 5.
22. You're running an application that receives a spike in traffic on the first day of every month. You want to configure Auto Scaling to add more instances before the spike begins and then add additional instances in proportion to the CPU utilization of each instance. Which of the following should you implement? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Target tracking policies
   2. Scheduled actions
   3. Step scaling policies
   4. Simple scaling policies
   5. Load balancing
23. As part of your new data backup protocols, you need to manually take EBS snapshots of several hundred volumes. Which type of Systems Manager document enables you to do this?
   1. Command
   2. Automation
   3. Policy
   4. Manual
24. You want to launch and manage a complex microservices container workload in AWS but you want to avoid as many configuration headaches as possible, You figure you'll be fine with whatever defaults you're offered. Which of these platforms is your best choice?
   1. Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service
   2. AWS Fargate
   3. Amazon EKS Distro
   4. Amazon Elastic Container Service
Chapter 3 Review Questions
1. Your organization runs Linux-based EC2 instances that all require low-latency read/write access to a single set of files. Which of the following AWS services are your best choices? (Choose two.)
   1. AWS Storage Gateway
   2. AWS S3
   3. Amazon Elastic File System
   4. AWS Elastic Block Store
2. Your organization expects to be storing and processing large volumes of data in many small increments. When considering S3 usability, you'll need to know whether you'll face any practical limitations in the use of AWS account resources. Which of the following will normally be available only in limited amounts?
   1. PUT requests/month against an S3 bucket
   2. The volume of data space available per S3 bucket
   3. Account-wide S3 storage space
   4. The number of S3 buckets within a single account
3. You have a publicly available file called filename stored in an S3 bucket named bucketname. Which of the following addresses will successfully retrieve the file using a web browser?
   1. s3.amazonaws.com/bucketname/filename
   2. filename/bucketname.s3.amazonaws.com
   3. s3://bucketname/filename
   4. s3://filename/bucketname
4. If you want the files stored in an S3 bucket to be accessible using a familiar directory hierarchy system, you'll need to specify prefixes and delimiters. What are prefixes and delimiters?
   1. A prefix is the name common to the objects you want to group, and a delimiter is the bar character (|).
   2. A prefix is the DNS name that precedes the amazonaws.com domain, and a delimiter is the name you want to give your file directory.
   3. A prefix is the name common to the objects you want to group, and a delimiter is a forward slash character (/).
   4. A prefix is the name common to the file type you want to identify, and a delimiter is a forward slash character (/).
5. Your web application relies on data objects stored in AWS S3 buckets. Compliance with industry regulations requires that those objects be encrypted and that related events be closely tracked. Which combination of tools should you use? (Choose two.)
   1. Server-side encryption
   2. Amazon S3-Managed Keys
   3. AWS KMS-Managed Keys
   4. Client-side encryption
   5. AWS End-to-End managed keys
6. You are engaged in a deep audit of the use of your AWS resources and you need to better understand the structure and content of your S3 server access logs. Which of the following operational details are likely to be included in S3 server access logs? (Choose three.)
   1. Source bucket name
   2. Action requested
   3. Current bucket size
   4. API bucket creation calls
   5. Response status
7. You're assessing the level of durability you'll need to sufficiently ensure the long-term viability of a new web application you're planning. Which of the following risks are covered by S3's data durability guarantees? (Choose two.)
   1. User misconfiguration
   2. Account security breach
   3. Infrastructure failure
   4. Temporary service outages
   5. Datacenter security breach
8. Which of the following explains the difference in durability between S3'sStandard-IA and S3 Intelligent-Tiering classes?
   1. Standard-IA data has only 99.9% availability, whereas Intelligent-Tiering's availability depends on the data's current state.
   2. Standard-IA data is heavily replicated but only within a single availability zone, whereas Intelligent-Tiering data is only lightly replicated.
   3. Standard-IA data is replicated across AWS regions, whereas Intelligent-Tiering data is restricted to a single region.
   4. Standard-IA data is automatically backed up to Amazon Glacier, whereas Intelligent-Tiering data remains within S3.
9. Which of the following is the 12-month availability guarantee for the S3 Standard-IA class?
   1. 99.99 percent
   2. 99.9 percent
   3. 99.999999999 percent
   4. 99.5 percent
10. Your application regularly writes data to an S3 bucket, but you're worried about the potential for data corruption as a result of conflicting concurrent operations. Which of the following data operations would not be subject to concerns about eventual consistency?
   1. Operations immediately preceding the deletion of an existing object
   2. Operations subsequent to the updating of an existing object
   3. Operations subsequent to the deletion of an existing object
   4. Operations subsequent to the creation of a new object
11. You're worried that updates to the important data you store in S3 might incorrectly overwrite existing files. What must you do to protect objects in S3 buckets from being accidentally lost?
   1. Nothing. S3 protects existing files by default.
   2. Nothing. S3 saves older versions of your files by default.
   3. Enable versioning.
   4. Enable file overwrite protection.
12. Your S3 buckets contain many thousands of objects. Some of them could be moved to less expensive storage classes and others still require instant availability. How can you apply transitions between storage classes for only certain objects within an S3 bucket?
   1. By specifying particular prefixes when you define your life cycle rules.
   2. This isn't possible. Life cycle rules must apply to all the objects in a bucket.
   3. By specifying particular prefixes when you create the bucket.
   4. By importing a predefined life cycle rule template.
13. Which of the following classes will usually make the most sense for long-term storage when included within a sequence of life cycle rules?
   1. S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval
   2. Reduced Redundancy
   3. S3 One Zone-IA
   4. S3 Standard-IA
14. Which of the following are the recommended methods for providing secure and controlled access to your buckets? (Choose two.)
   1. S3 access control lists (ACLs)
   2. S3 bucket policies
   3. IAM policies
   4. Security groups
   5. AWS Key Management Service
15. In the context of an S3 bucket policy, which of the following statements describes a principal?
   1. The AWS service being defined (S3 in this case)
   2. An origin resource that's given permission to alter an S3 bucket
   3. The resource whose access is being defined
   4. The user or entity to which access is assigned
16. You don't want to open up the contents of an S3 bucket to anyone on the Internet, but you need to share the data with specific clients. Generating and then sending them a presigned URL is a perfect solution. Assuming you didn't explicitly set a value, how long will the presigned URL remain valid?
   1. 24 hours
   2. 3,600 seconds
   3. 5 minutes
   4. 360 seconds
17. Which non-S3 AWS resources can improve the security and user experience of your S3-hosted static website? (Choose two.)
   1. AWS Certificate Manager
   2. Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
   3. Relational Database Service (RDS)
   4. Route 53
   5. AWS Key Management Service
18. How long will it take to retrieve an archive from Amazon Glacier Deep Archive ?
   1. 5 hours
   2. 12 hours
   3. 2 days
   4. 1 week
19. You need a quick way to transfer very large (peta-scale) data archives to the cloud. Assuming your Internet connection isn't up to the task, which of the following will be both (relatively) fast and cost-effective?
   1. Direct Connect
   2. Server Migration Service
   3. Snowball
   4. Storage Gateway
20. Your organization runs Windows-based EC2 instances that all require low-latency read/write access to a single set of files. Which of the following AWS services is your best choice?
   1. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
   2. Amazon FSx for Lustre
   3. Amazon Elastic File System
   4. Amazon Elastic Block Store
Chapter 4 Review Questions
1. What is the range of allowed IPv4 prefix lengths for a VPC CIDR block?
   1. /16 to /28
   2. /16 to /56
   3. /8 to /30
   4. /56 only
2. You've created a VPC with the CIDR 192.168.16.0/24. You want to assign a secondary CIDR to this VPC. Which CIDR can you use?
   1. 172.31.0.0/16
   2. 192.168.0.0/16
   3. 192.168.0.0/24
   4. 192.168.16.0/23
3. You need to create two subnets in a VPC that has a CIDR of 10.0.0.0/16. Which of the following CIDRs can you assign to one of the subnets while leaving room for an additional subnet? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. 10.0.0.0/24
   2. 10.0.0.0/8
   3. 10.0.0.0/16
   4. 10.0.0.0/23
4. What is the relationship between a subnet and an availability zone?
   1. A subnet can exist in multiple availability zones.
   2. An availability zone can have multiple subnets.
   3. An availability zone can have only one subnet.
   4. A subnet's CIDR is derived from its availability zone.
5. Which is true regarding an elastic network interface?
   1. It must have a private IP address from the subnet that it resides in.
   2. It cannot exist independently of an instance.
   3. It can be connected to multiple subnets.
   4. It can have multiple IP addresses from different subnets.
6. Which of the following statements is true of security groups?
   1. Only one security group can be attached to an ENI.
   2. A security group must always be attached to an ENI.
   3. A security group can be attached to a subnet.
   4. Every VPC contains a default security group.
7. How does an NACL differ from a security group?
   1. An NACL is stateless.
   2. An NACL is stateful.
   3. An NACL is attached to an ENI.
   4. An NACL can be associated with only one subnet.
8. What is an Internet gateway?
   1. A resource that grants instances in multiple VPCs' Internet access
   2. An implied router
   3. A physical router
   4. A VPC resource with no management IP address
9. What is the destination for a default IPv4 route?
   1. 0.0.0.0/0
   2. ::0/0
   3. An Internet gateway
   4. The IP address of the implied router
10. You create a new route table in a VPC but perform no other configuration on it. You then create a new subnet in the same VPC. Which route table will your new subnet be associated with?
   1. The main route table
   2. The route table you created
   3. The default route table
   4. None of these
11. You create a Linux instance and have AWS automatically assign a private IP address but not a public IP address. What will happen when you stop and restart the instance?
   1. You won't be able to establish an SSH session directly to the instance from the Internet.
   2. The instance won't be able to access the Internet.
   3. The instance will receive the same private IP address.
   4. The instance will be unable to reach other instances in its subnet.
12. How can you assign a public IP address to a running instance that doesn't have one?
   1. Allocate an ENI and associate it with the instance's primary EIP.
   2. Allocate an EIP and associate it with the instance's primary ENI.
   3. Configure the instance to use an automatically assigned public IP.
   4. Allocate an EIP and change the private IP address of the instance's ENI to match.
13. When an instance with an automatically assigned public IP sends a packet to another instance's EIP, what source address does the destination instance see?
   1. The public IP
   2. The EIP
   3. The private IP
   4. 0.0.0.0
14. Why must a NAT gateway reside in a different subnet than an instance that uses it?
   1. Both must use different default gateways.
   2. Both must use different NACLs.
   3. Both must use different security groups.
   4. The NAT gateway requires a public interface and a private interface.
15. Which of the following is a difference between a NAT instance and a NAT gateway?
   1. There are different NAT gateway types.
   2. A NAT instance scales automatically.
   3. A NAT gateway can span multiple availability zones.
   4. A NAT gateway scales automatically.
16. Which VPC resource performs network address translation?
   1. Internet gateway
   2. Route table
   3. EIP
   4. ENI
17. What must you do to configure a NAT instance after creating it?
   1. Disable the source/destination check on its ENI.
   2. Enable the source/destination check on its ENI.
   3. Create a default route in its route table with a NAT gateway as the target.
   4. Assign a primary private IP address to the instance.
18. Which of the following is true regarding VPC peering?
   1. Transitive routing is not supported.
   2. A VPC peering connection requires a public IP address.
   3. You can peer up to three VPCs using a single peering connection.
   4. You can use a peering connection to share an Internet gateway among multiple VPCs.
19. You've created one VPC peering connection between two VPCs. What must you do to use this connection for bidirectional instance-to-instance communication? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Create two routes with the peering connection as the target.
   2. Create only one default route with the peering connection as the target.
   3. Create another peering connection between the VPCs.
   4. Configure the instances' security groups correctly.
20. Which of the following can perform stateful traffic filtering? (Choose two.)
   1. Security groups
   2. NACLs
   3. AWS Network Firewall
   4. AWS Transit Gateway
21. Which of the following connection types is always encrypted?
   1. Direct Connect
   2. VPN
   3. VPC peering
   4. Transit gateway
22. Which of the following allow EC2 instances in different regions to communicate using private IP addresses? (Choose three.)
   1. VPN
   2. Direct Connect
   3. VPC peering
   4. Transit gateway
23. Which of the following is true of a route in a transit gateway route table?
   1. It can be multicast.
   2. It can be a blackhole route.
   3. It can have an Internet gateway as a target.
   4. It can have an ENI as a target.
24. Which of the following is an example of a tightly coupled HPC workload?
   1. Image processing
   2. Audio processing
   3. DNA sequencing
   4. Hurricane track forecasting
Chapter 5 Review Questions
1. In a relational database, a row may also be called what? (Choose two.)
   1. Record
   2. Attribute
   3. Tuple
   4. Table
2. What must every relational database table contain?
   1. A foreign key
   2. A primary key
   3. An attribute
   4. A row
3. Which SQL statement would you use to retrieve data from a relational database table?
   1. QUERY
   2. SCAN
   3. INSERT
   4. SELECT
4. Which relational database type is optimized to handle multiple transactions per second?
   1. Offline transaction processing (OLTP)
   2. Online transaction processing (OLTP)
   3. Online analytic processing (OLAP)
   4. Key/value store
5. How many database engines can an RDS database instance run?
   1. Six
   2. One
   3. Two
   4. Four
6. Which database engines are compatible with existing MySQL databases? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Microsoft SQL Server
   2. MariaDB
   3. Aurora
   4. PostgreSQL
7. Which storage engine should you use with MySQL, Aurora, and MariaDB for maximum compatibility with RDS?
   1. MyISAM
   2. XtraDB
   3. InnoDB
   4. PostgreSQL
8. Which database engine supports the bring-your-own-license (BYOL) model? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Oracle Standard Edition Two
   2. Microsoft SQL Server
   3. Oracle Standard Edition One
   4. PostgreSQL
9. Which database instance class provides dedicated bandwidth for storage volumes?
   1. Standard
   2. Memory optimized
   3. Storage optimized
   4. Burstable performance
10. If a MariaDB database running in RDS needs to write 200 MB of data every second, how many IOPS should you provision using io1 storage to sustain this performance?
   1. 12,800
   2. 25,600
   3. 200
   4. 16
11. Using general-purpose SSD storage, how much storage would you need to allocate to get 600 IOPS?
   1. 200 GB
   2. 100 GB
   3. 200 TB
   4. 200 MB
12. If you need to achieve 12,000 IOPS using provisioned IOPS SSD storage, how much storage should you allocate, assuming that you need only 100 GB of storage?
   1. There is no minimum storage requirement.
   2. 200 GB.
   3. 240 GB.
   4. 12 TB.
13. What type of database instance only accepts queries?
   1. Read replica
   2. Standby database instance
   3. Primary database instance
   4. Master database instance
14. In a multi-AZ deployment using Oracle, how is data replicated?
   1. Synchronously from the primary instance to a read replica
   2. Synchronously using a cluster volume
   3. Asynchronously from the primary to a standby instance
   4. Synchronously from the primary to a standby instance
15. Which of the following occurs when you restore a failed database instance from a snapshot?
   1. RDS restores the snapshot to a new instance.
   2. RDS restores the snapshot to the failed instance.
   3. RDS restores only the individual databases to a new instance.
   4. RDS deletes the snapshot.
16. Which Redshift distribution style stores all tables on all compute nodes?
   1. EVEN
   2. ALL
   3. KEY
   4. ODD
17. Which Redshift node type can store up to 326 TB of data?
   1. Dense memory
   2. Leader
   3. Dense storage
   4. Dense compute
18. Which is true regarding a primary key in a nonrelational database? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. It's required to uniquely identify an item.
   2. It must be unique within the table.
   3. It's used to correlate data across different tables.
   4. Its data type can vary within a table.
19. In a DynamoDB table containing orders, which key would be most appropriate for storing an order date?
   1. Partition key
   2. Sort key
   3. Hash key
   4. Simple primary key
20. When creating a DynamoDB table, how many read capacity units should you provision to be able to sustain strongly consistent reads of 11 KB per second?
   1. 3
   2. 2
   3. 1
   4. 0
21. Which Redshift node type can provide the fastest read access?
   1. Dense compute
   2. Dense storage
   3. Leader
   4. KEY
22. Which DynamoDB index type allows the partition and hash key to differ from the base table?
   1. Eventually consistent index
   2. Local secondary index
   3. Global primary index
   4. Global secondary index
23. To ensure the best performance, in which of the following situations would you choose to store data in a NoSQL database instead of a relational database?
   1. You need to perform a variety of complex queries against the data.
   2. You need to query data based on only one attribute.
   3. You need to store JSON documents.
   4. The data will be used by different applications.
24. What type of database can discover how different items are related to each other?
   1. SQL
   2. Relational
   3. Document-oriented store
   4. Graph
   5. Video processing
Chapter 6 Review Questions
1. Which of the following is the greatest risk posed by using your AWS account root user for day-to-day operations?
   1. There would be no easy way to control resource usage by project or class.
   2. There would be no effective limits on the effect of an action, making it more likely for unintended and unwanted consequences to result.
   3. Since root has full permissions over your account resources, an account compromise at the hands of hackers would be catastrophic.
   4. It would make it difficult to track which account user is responsible for specific actions.
2. You're trying to create a custom IAM policy to more closely manage access to components in your application stack. Which of the following syntax-related statements is a correct description of IAM policies?
   1. The Action element refers to the way IAM will react to a request.
   2. The * character applies an element globally—as broadly as possible.
   3. The Resource element refers to the third-party identities that will be allowed to access the account.
   4. The Effect element refers to the anticipated resource state after a request is granted.
3. Which of the following will—when executed on its own—prevent an IAM user with no existing policies from launching an EC2 instance? (Choose three.)
   1. Attach no policies to the user.
   2. Attach two policies to the user, with one policy permitting full EC2 access and the other permitting IAM password changes but denying EC2 access.
   3. Attach a single policy permitting the user to create S3 buckets.
   4. Attach the AdministratorAccess policy.
   5. Associate an IAM action statement blocking all EC2 access to the user's account.
4. Which of the following are important steps for securing IAM user accounts? (Choose two.)
   1. Never use the account to perform any administration operations.
   2. Enable multifactor authentication (MFA).
   3. Assign a long and complex password.
   4. Delete all access keys.
   5. Insist that your users access AWS resources exclusively through the AWS CLI.
5. To reduce your exposure to possible attacks, you're auditing the active access keys associated with your account. Which of the following AWS CLI commands can tell you whether a specified access key is still being used?
   1. aws iam get-access-key-used –access-key-id <key_ID>
   2. aws iam --get-access-key-last-used access-key-id <key_ID>
   3. aws iam get-access-key-last-used access-last-key-id <key_ID>
   4. aws iam get-access-key-last-used –-access-key-id <key_ID>
6. You're looking to reduce the complexity and tedium of AWS account administration. Which of the following is the greatest benefit of organizing your users into groups?
   1. It enhances security by consolidating resources.
   2. It simplifies the management of user permissions.
   3. It allows for quicker response times to service interruptions.
   4. It simplifies locking down the root user.
7. During an audit of your authentication processes, you enumerate a number of identity types and want to know which of them might fit the category of “trusted identity” and require deeper investigation. Which of these is not considered a trusted entity in the context of IAM roles?
   1. A web identity authenticating with Google
   2. An identity coming through a SAML-based federated provider
   3. An identity using an X.509 certificate
   4. A web identity authenticating with Amazon Cognito
8. Your company is bidding for a contract with a U.S. government agency that demands any cryptography modules used on the project be compliant with government standards. Which of the following AWS services provides virtual hardware devices for managing encryption infrastructure that's FIPS 140-2 compliant?
   1. AWS CloudHSM
   2. AWS Key Management Service
   3. AWS Security Token Service
   4. AWS Secrets Manager
9. Which of the following is the best tool for authenticating access to a VPC-based Microsoft SharePoint farm?
   1. Amazon Cognito
   2. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory
   3. AWS Secrets Manager
   4. AWS Key Management Service
10. What is the function of Amazon Cognito identity pools?
   1. Gives your application users temporary, controlled access to other services in your AWS account
   2. Adds user sign-up and sign-in to your applications
   3. Incorporates encryption infrastructure into your application life cycle
   4. Delivers up-to-date credentials to authenticate RDS database requests
11. An employee with access to the root user on your AWS account has just left your company. Since you can't be 100 percent sure that the former employee won't try to harm your company, which of the following steps should you take? (Choose three.)
   1. Change the password and MFA settings for the root account.
   2. Delete and re-create all existing IAM policies.
   3. Change the passwords for all your IAM users.
   4. Delete the former employee's own IAM user (within the company account).
   5. Immediately rotate all account access keys.
12. You need to create a custom IAM policy to give one of your developers limited access to your DynamoDB resources. Which of the following elements will not play any role in crafting an IAM policy?
   1. Action
   2. Region
   3. Effect
   4. Resource
13. Which of the following are necessary steps for creating an IAM role? (Choose two.)
   1. Define the action.
   2. Select at least one policy.
   3. Define a trusted entity.
   4. Define the consumer application.
14. Which of the following uses authentication based on AWS Security Token Service (STS) tokens?
   1. Policies
   2. Users
   3. Groups
   4. Roles
15. What format must be used to write an IAM policy?
   1. HTML
   2. Key/value pairs
   3. JSON
   4. XML
16. If you need to allow a user full control over EC2 instance resources, which two of the following must be included in the policy you create? (Choose two.)
   1. "Target": "ec2:*"
   2. "Action": "ec2:*"
   3. "Resource": "ec2:*"
   4. "Effect": "Allow"
   5. "Effect": "Permit"
17. What is the function of Amazon Cognito user pools?
   1. Gives your application users temporary, controlled access to other services in your AWS account
   2. Adds user sign-up and sign-in to your applications
   3. Incorporates encryption infrastructure into your application life cycle
   4. Delivers up-to-date credentials to authenticate RDS database requests
18. Which of the following best describe the “managed” part of AWS Managed Microsoft AD? (Choose two.)
   1. Integration with on-premises AD domains is possible.
   2. AD domain controllers are launched in two availability zones.
   3. Data is automatically replicated.
   4. Underlying AD software is automatically updated.
19. Which of the following steps are part of the access key rotation process? (Choose three.)
   1. Monitor the use of your new keys.
   2. Monitor the use of old keys.
   3. Deactivate the old keys.
   4. Delete the old keys.
   5. Confirm the status of your X.509 certificate.
20. What tool will allow an Elastic Container Service task to access container images it might need that are being maintained in your account's Elastic Container Registry?
   1. An IAM role
   2. An IAM policy
   3. An IAM group
   4. An AIM access key
Chapter 7 Review Questions
1. You've configured CloudTrail to log all management events in all regions. Which of the following API events will CloudTrail log? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Logging into the AWS Console
   2. Creating an S3 bucket from the web console
   3. Uploading an object to an S3 bucket
   4. Creating a subnet using the AWS CLI
2. You've configured CloudTrail to log all read-only data events. Which of the following events will CloudTrail log?
   1. Viewing all S3 buckets
   2. Uploading a file to an S3 bucket
   3. Downloading a file from an S3 bucket
   4. Creating a Lambda function
3. Sixty days ago, you created a trail in CloudTrail to log read-only management events. Subsequently someone deleted the trail. Where can you look to find out who deleted it? No other trails are configured.
   1. The IAM user log
   2. The trail logs stored in S3
   3. The CloudTrail event history in the region where the trail was configured
   4. The CloudTrail event history in any region
4. What uniquely distinguishes two CloudWatch metrics that have the same name and are in the same namespace?
   1. The region
   2. The dimension
   3. The timestamp
   4. The data point
5. Which type of monitoring sends metrics to CloudWatch every five minutes?
   1. Regular
   2. Detailed
   3. Basic
   4. High resolution
6. You update a custom CloudWatch metric with the timestamp of 15:57:08 and a value of 3. You then update the same metric with the timestamp of 15:57:37 and a value of 6. Assuming the metric is a high-resolution metric, which of the following will CloudWatch do?
   1. Record both values with the given timestamp.
   2. Record the second value with the timestamp 15:57:37, overwriting the first value.
   3. Record only the first value with the timestamp 15:57:08, ignoring the second value.
   4. Record only the second value with the timestamp 15:57:00, overwriting the first value.
7. How long does CloudWatch retain metrics stored at one-hour resolution?
   1. 15 days
   2. 3 hours
   3. 63 days
   4. 15 months
8. You want to use CloudWatch to graph the exact data points of a metric for the last hour. The metric is stored at five-minute resolution. Which statistic and period should you use?
   1. The Sum statistic with a five-minute period
   2. The Average statistic with a one-hour period
   3. The Sum statistic with a one-hour period
   4. The Sample count statistic with a five-minute period
9. Which CloudWatch resource type stores log events?
   1. Log group
   2. Log stream
   3. Metric filter
   4. CloudWatch Agent
10. The CloudWatch Agent on an instance has been sending application logs to a CloudWatch log stream for several months. How can you remove old log events without disrupting delivery of new log events? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Delete the log stream.
   2. Manually delete old log events.
   3. Set the retention of the log stream to 30 days.
   4. Set the retention of the log group to 30 days.
11. You created a trail to log all management events in all regions and send the trail logs to CloudWatch logs. You notice that some recent management events are missing from the log stream, but others are there. What are some possible reasons for this? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. The missing events are greater than 256 KB in size.
   2. The metric filter is misconfigured.
   3. There's a delay between the time the event occurs and the time CloudTrail streams the event to CloudWatch.
   4. The IAM role that CloudTrail assumes is misconfigured.
12. Two days ago, you created a CloudWatch alarm to monitor the VolumeReadOps on an EBS volume. Since then, the alarm has remained in an INSUFFICIENT_DATA state. What are some possible reasons for this? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. The data points to monitor haven't crossed the specified threshold.
   2. The EBS volume isn't attached to a running instance.
   3. The evaluation period hasn't elapsed.
   4. The alarm hasn't collected enough data points to alarm.
13. You want a CloudWatch alarm to change state when four consecutive evaluation periods elapse with no data. How should you configure the alarm to treat missing data?
   1. As Missing
   2. Breaching
   3. Not Breaching
   4. Ignore
   5. As Not Missing
14. You've configured an alarm to monitor a metric in the AWS/EC2 namespace. You want CloudWatch to send you a text message and reboot an instance when an alarm is breaching. Which two actions should you configure in the alarm? (Choose two.)
   1. SMS action
   2. Auto Scaling action
   3. Notification action
   4. EC2 action
15. In a CloudWatch alarm, what does the EC2 recover action do to the monitored instance?
   1. Migrates the instance to a different host
   2. Reboots the instance
   3. Deletes the instance and creates a new one
   4. Restores the instance from a snapshot
16. You learn that an instance in the us-west-1 region was deleted at some point in the past. To find out who deleted the instance and when, which of the following must be true?
   1. The AWS Config configuration recorder must have been turned on in the region at the time the instance was deleted.
   2. CloudTrail must have been logging write-only management events for all regions.
   3. CloudTrail must have been logging IAM events.
   4. The CloudWatch log stream containing the deletion event must not have been deleted.
17. Which of the following may be included in an AWS Config delivery channel? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. A CloudWatch log stream
   2. The delivery frequency of the configuration snapshot
   3. An S3 bucket name
   4. An SNS topic ARN
18. You configured AWS Config to monitor all your resources in the us-east-1 region. After making several changes to the AWS resources in this region, you decided you want to delete the old configuration items. How can you accomplish this?
   1. Pause the configuration recorder.
   2. Delete the configuration recorder.
   3. Delete the configuration snapshots.
   4. Set the retention period to 30 days and wait for the configuration items to age out.
19. Which of the following metric math expressions can CloudWatch graph? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. AVG(m1)-m1
   2. AVG(m1)
   3. METRICS()/AVG(m1)
   4. m1/m2
20. You've configured an AWS Config rule to check whether CloudTrail is enabled. What could prevent AWS Config from evaluating this rule?
   1. Turning off the configuration recorder
   2. Deleting the rule
   3. Deleting the configuration history for CloudTrail
   4. Failing to specify a frequency for periodic checks
21. Which of the following would you use to execute a Lambda function whenever an EC2 instance is launched?
   1. CloudWatch Alarms
   2. EventBridge
   3. CloudTrail
   4. CloudWatch Metrics
Chapter 8 Review Questions
1. Which of the following describes the function of a name server?
   1. Translating human-readable domain names into IP addresses
   2. Registering domain names with ICANN
   3. Registering domain names with VeriSign
   4. Applying routing policies to network packets
2. Your organization is planning a new website and you're putting together all the pieces of information you'll need to complete the project. Which of the following describes a domain?
   1. An object's FQDN
   2. Policies controlling the way remote requests are resolved
   3. One or more servers, data repositories, or other digital resources identified by a single domain name
   4. A label used to direct network requests to a domain's resources
3. You need to decide which kind of website name will best represent its purpose. Part of that task will involve choosing a top-level domain (TLD). Which of the following is an example of a TLD?
   1. amazon.com/documentation/
   2. aws.
   3. amazon.
   4. .com
4. Which of the following is the name of a record type— as used—in a zone file?
   1. CNAME (canonical name)
   2. TTL (time to live)
   3. Record type
   4. Record data
5. Which of the following DNS record types should you use to associate a domain name with an IP address?
   1. NS
   2. SOA
   3. A
   4. CNAME
6. Which of the following are services provided by Amazon Route 53? (Choose three.)
   1. Domain registration
   2. Content delivery network
   3. Health checks
   4. DNS management
   5. Secure and fast direct network connections to an AWS VPC
7. For regulatory compliance, your application may only provide data to requests coming from the United States. Which of the following routing policies can be configured to do this?
   1. Simple
   2. Latency
   3. Geolocation
   4. Multivalue
8. Your web application is hosted within multiple AWS regions. Which of the following routing policies will ensure the fastest possible access for your users?
   1. Latency
   2. Weighted
   3. Geolocation
   4. Failover
9. You're testing three versions of a new application, with each version running on its own server and the current production version on a fourth server. You want to route 15 percent of your total traffic to each of the test servers and route the remaining 85 percent of traffic to the production server. Which routing policy will you use?
   1. Failover
   2. Weighted
   3. Latency
   4. Geolocation
10. You have production infrastructure in one region sitting behind one DNS domain, and for disaster recovery purposes, you have parallel infrastructure on standby in a second AWS region behind a second domain. Which routing policy will automate the switchover in the event of a failure in the production system?
   1. Latency
   2. Weighted
   3. Geolocation
   4. Failover
11. Which of the following kinds of hosted zones are real options within Route 53? (Choose two.)
   1. Public
   2. Regional
   3. VPC
   4. Private
   5. Hybrid
12. Which of the following actions will you need to perform to transfer a domain from an external registrar to Route 53? (Choose two.)
   1. Unlock the domain transfer setting on the external registrar admin page.
   2. Request an authorization code from the external registrar.
   3. Copy the name server addresses from Route 53 to the external registrar admin page.
   4. Create a hosted zone CNAME record set.
13. Which of the following actions will you need to perform to use Route 53 to manage a domain that's being hosted on an external registrar?
   1. Request an authorization code from the external registrar.
   2. Copy the name server addresses from Route 53 to the external registrar admin page.
   3. Create a hosted zone CNAME record set.
   4. Unlock the domain transfer setting on the external registrar admin page.
14. Your multiserver application has been generating quality-related complaints from users and your logs show some servers are underused and others have been experiencing intermittent failures. How do Route 53 health checks test for the health of a resource so that a failover policy can direct your users appropriately?
   1. It periodically tries to load the index.php page.
   2. It periodically tries to load the index.html page.
   3. It periodically tries to load a specified web page.
   4. It periodically tries to log into the resource using SSH.
15. Which of the following most accurately describes the difference between geolocation and geoproximity routing policies?
   1. Geoproximity policies specify geographic areas by their relationship either to a particular longitude and latitude or to an AWS region, whereas geolocation policies use the continent, country, or U.S. state where the request originated to decide what resource to send.
   2. Geolocation policies specify geographic areas by their relationship either to a particular longitude and latitude or to an AWS region, whereas geoproximity policies use the continent, country, or U.S. state where the request originated to decide what resource to send.
   3. Geolocation policies will direct traffic to the resource you identify as primary as long as health checks confirm that that resource is running properly, whereas geoproximity policies allow you to deliver web pages in customer-appropriate languages.
   4. Geolocation policies use a health check configuration routing to make a deployment more highly available, whereas geoproximity policies leverage resources running in multiple AWS regions to provide service to clients from the instances that will deliver the best experience.
16. Which of the following are challenges that CloudFront is well positioned to address? (Choose two.)
   1. A heavily used website providing media downloads for a global audience
   2. An S3 bucket with large media files used by workers on your corporate campus
   3. A file server accessed through a corporate VPN
   4. A popular website with periodically changing content
17. Which of the following is not a permitted origin for a CloudFront distribution?
   1. Amazon S3 bucket
   2. AWS MediaPackage channel endpoint
   3. API Gateway endpoint
   4. Web server
18. What's the best way to control the costs your CloudFront distribution incurs?
   1. Select a price class that maintains copies in only a limited subset of CloudFront's edge locations.
   2. Configure a custom SSL certificate to restrict access to HTTPS requests only.
   3. Disable the use of Alternate Domain Names (CNAMES) for your distribution.
   4. Enable Compress Objects Automatically for your distribution.
19. Which of the following is not necessarily a direct benefit of using a CloudFront distribution?
   1. User requests from an edge location that's recently received the same request will be delivered with lower latency.
   2. CloudFront distributions can be directly mapped to Route 53 hosted zones.
   3. All user requests will be delivered with lower latency.
   4. You can incorporate free encryption certificates into your infrastructure.
20. Which of the following content types is the best fit for a Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) distribution?
   1. Amazon Elastic Transcoder–based videos
   2. S3-based videos
   3. Streaming videos
   4. A mix of text and media-rich digital content
Chapter 9 Review Questions
1. What are valid use cases for transforming data when importing it into a data lake? (Select three.)
   1. Imposing consistent timestamps
   2. Removing corrupted data
   3. Creating a schema
   4. Removing duplicate data
   5. Visualizing data
2. What AWS Data Lake transform detects duplicate data?
   1. MatchFinder
   2. FindMatches ML
   3. Elastic MapReduce
   4. Spark
3. What's the most efficient way to import data from an on-premises SQL database into an AWS Data Lake?
   1. Dump the database into an S3 bucket and then import the data into the data lake.
   2. Import the data into RDS and then into the data lake.
   3. Use the Glue Connector.
   4. Use the JDBC connector.
4. What protocols does AWS Transfer Family support? (Choose two.)
   1. SFTP
   2. SMB
   3. FTP
   4. CIFS
   5. HTTPS
5. AWS Transfer Family can be used to transfer files to or from which of the following? (Choose two.)
   1. EBS
   2. EFS
   3. RDP
   4. S3
   5. DynamoDB
6. What technology does AWS Glue use to search large data sets and perform data transformation?
   1. Amazon Athena
   2. Apache Spark
   3. Apache Elephant Stack
   4. AWS Data Lake
7. What is the difference between a data lake and a data warehouse? (Choose two.)
   1. A data warehouse can store unstructured data.
   2. A data warehouse is a relational database.
   3. A data lake requires structured data.
   4. A data lake can store unstructured, schema-less data.
8. Which of the following can AWS Data Lake import from? (Choose two.)
   1. EBS
   2. ELB
   3. CloudFront
   4. IAM
   5. CloudWatch
9. Which of the following can analyze data in an AWS Data Lake? (Choose two.)
   1. Amazon EMS
   2. Athena
   3. RedShift Spectrum
   4. RedShift
   5. S3
10. Which of the following is not an appropriate use of AWS Glue?
   1. Searching data
   2. Ingesting real-time streaming data
   3. Preparing data for analysis
   4. Transforming data
11. You're developing an application to predict future weather patterns based on RADAR images. Which of the following Kinesis services is the best choice to support this application?
   1. Kinesis Data Streams
   2. Kinesis Video Streams
   3. Kinesis Data Firehose
   4. Kinesis ML
12. You're streaming image data to Kinesis Data Streams and need to retain the data for 30 days. How can you do this? (Choose two.)
   1. Create a Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream.
   2. Increase the stream retention period to 14 days.
   3. Specify an S3 bucket as the destination.
   4. Specify CloudWatch Logs as the destination.
13. Which of the following Kinesis services requires you to specify a destination for the stream?
   1. Kinesis Video Streams
   2. Kinesis Data Streams
   3. Kinesis Data Firehose
   4. Kinesis Data Warehouse
14. You're running an on-premises application that frequently writes to a log file. You want to stream this log file to a Kinesis Data Stream. How can you accomplish this with the least effort?
   1. Use the CloudWatch Logs Agent.
   2. Use the Amazon Kinesis Agent.
   3. Write a script that uses the Kinesis Producer Library.
   4. Move the application to an EC2 instance.
15. When deciding whether to use SQS or Kinesis Data Streams to ingest data, which of the following should you take into account?
   1. The frequency of data
   2. The total amount of data
   3. The number of consumers that need to receive the data
   4. The order of data
16. You want to send streaming log data into Amazon Redshift. Which of the following services should you use? (Choose two.)
   1. SQS with a standard queue
   2. Kinesis Data Streams
   3. Kinesis Data Firehose
   4. SQS with a FIFO queue
17. Which of the following is not an appropriate use case for Kinesis?
   1. Stock feeds
   2. Facial recognition
   3. Static website hosting
   4. Videoconferencing
18. You need to push 2 MB per second through a Kinesis Data Stream. How many shards do you need to configure?
   1. 1
   2. 2
   3. 4
   4. 8
19. Multiple consumers are receiving a Kinesis Data Stream at a total rate of 3 MB per second. You plan to add more consumers and need the stream to support reads of at least 5 MB per second. How many shards do you need to add?
   1. 1
   2. 2
   3. 3
   4. 4
20. Which of the following does Kinesis Data Firehose not support?
   1. Videoconferencing
   2. Transforming video metadata
   3. Converting CSV to JSON
   4. Redshift
Chapter 10 Review Questions
1. What's the minimum level of availability you need to stay under 30 minutes of downtime per month?
   1. 99 percent
   2. 99.9 percent
   3. 99.95 percent
   4. 99.999 percent
2. Your application runs on two EC2 instances in one availability zone. An elastic load balancer distributes user traffic evenly across the healthy instances. The application on each instance connects to a single RDS database instance. Assuming each EC2 instance has an availability of 90 percent and the RDS instance has an availability of 95 percent, what is the total application availability?
   1. 94.05 percent
   2. 99 percent
   3. 99.9 percent
   4. 99.95 percent
3. Your organization is designing a new application to run on AWS. The developers have asked you to recommend a database that will perform well in all regions. Which database should you recommend for maximum availability?
   1. Multi-AZ RDS using MySQL
   2. DynamoDB
   3. Multi-AZ RDS using Aurora
   4. A self-hosted SQL database
4. Which of the following can help you increase the availability of a web application? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Store web assets in an S3 bucket instead of on the application instance.
   2. Use instance classes large enough to handle your application's peak load.
   3. Scale your instances in.
   4. Scale your instances out.
5. You've configured an EC2 Auto Scaling group to use a launch configuration to provision and install an application on several instances. You now need to reconfigure Auto Scaling to install an additional application on new instances. Which of the following should you do?
   1. Modify the launch configuration.
   2. Create a launch template and configure the Auto Scaling group to use it.
   3. Modify the launch template.
   4. Modify the CloudFormation template.
6. You create an Auto Scaling group with a minimum group size of 3, a maximum group size of 10, and a desired capacity of 5. You then manually terminate two instances in the group. Which of the following will Auto Scaling do?
   1. Create two new instances.
   2. Reduce the desired capacity to 3.
   3. Nothing.
   4. Increment the minimum group size to 5.
7. Which of the following can Auto Scaling use for instance health checks? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. ELB health checks
   2. CloudWatch Alarms
   3. Route 53 health checks
   4. EC2 system checks
   5. EC2 instance checks
8. You're running an application that receives a spike in traffic on the first day of every month. You want to configure Auto Scaling to add more instances before the spike begins and then add additional instances in proportion to the CPU utilization of each instance. Which of the following should you implement? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Target tracking policies
   2. Scheduled actions
   3. Step scaling policies
   4. Simple scaling policies
9. Which of the following provide the most protection against data corruption and accidental deletion for existing objects stored in S3? (Choose two.)
   1. Versioning
   2. Bucket policies
   3. Cross-region replication
   4. Using the Standard storage class
10. You need to maintain three days of backups for binary files stored across several EC2 instances in a spot fleet. What's the best way to achieve this?
   1. Stream the files to CloudWatch Logs.
   2. Create an Elastic File System and back up the files to it using a cron job.
   3. Create a Snapshot Lifecycle Policy to snapshot each instance every 24 hours and retain the latest three snapshots.
   4. Create a Snapshot Lifecycle Policy to snapshot each instance every 4 hours and retain the latest 18 snapshots.
11. You plan to run multi-AZ RDS across three availability zones in a region. You want to have two read replicas per zone. Which database engine should you choose?
   1. MySQL
   2. PostgreSQL
   3. MySQL
   4. Aurora
12. You're running an RDS instance in one availability zone. What should you implement to be able to achieve a recovery point objective (RPO) of five minutes?
   1. Configure multi-AZ.
   2. Enable automated snapshots.
   3. Add a read replica in the same region.
   4. Add a read replica in a different region.
13. When creating subnets in a VPC, what are two reasons to leave sufficient space in the VPC for more subnets later? (Choose two.)
   1. You may need to add another tier for your application.
   2. You may need to implement RDS.
   3. AWS occasionally adds more availability zones to a region.
   4. You may need to add a secondary CIDR to the VPC.
14. You plan to deploy 50 EC2 instances, each with two private IP addresses. To put all of these instances in a single subnet, which subnet CIDRs could you use? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. 172.21.0.0/25
   2. 172.21.0.0/26
   3. 10.0.0.0/8
   4. 10.0.0.0/21
15. You're currently connecting to your AWS resources using a 10 Gbps Internet connection at your office. You also have end users around the world who access the same AWS resources. What are two reasons you may consider using Direct Connect in addition to your Internet connection? (Choose two.)
   1. Lower latency
   2. Higher bandwidth
   3. Better end-user experience
   4. Increased security
16. Before connecting a VPC to your datacenter, what must you do to ensure proper connectivity?
   1. Use IAM policies to restrict access to AWS resources.
   2. Ensure the IP address ranges in the networks don't overlap.
   3. Ensure security groups on your datacenter firewalls are properly configured.
   4. Use in-transit encryption.
17. You plan to run a stand-alone Linux application on AWS and need 99 percent availability. The application doesn't require a database, and only a few users will access it. You will occasionally need to terminate and re-create the instance using a different AMI. Which of the following should you use? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. CloudFormation
   2. Auto Scaling
   3. User data
   4. Dynamic scaling policies
18. You need eight instances running simultaneously in a single region. Assuming three availability zones are available, what's the minimum number of instances you must run in each zone to be able to withstand a single zone failure?
   1. 3
   2. 16
   3. 8
   4. 4
19. If your application is down for 45 minutes a year, what is its approximate availability?
   1. 99 percent
   2. 99.9 percent
   3. 99.99 percent
   4. 99.95 percent
20. You're running an application in two regions and using multi-AZ RDS with read replicas in both regions. Users normally access the application in only one region by browsing to a public domain name that resolves to an elastic load balancer. If that region fails, which of the following should you do to fail over to the other region? (Choose all that apply.)
   1. Update the DNS record to point to the load balancer in the other region.
   2. Point the load balancer to the other region.
   3. Fail over to the database in the other region.
   4. Restore the database from a snapshot.
21. When a consumer grabs a message from an SQS queue, what happens to the message? (Choose two.)
   1. It is immediately deleted from the queue.
   2. It remains in the queue for 30 seconds and is then deleted.
   3. It stays in the queue for the remaining duration of the retention period.
   4. It becomes invisible to other consumers for the duration of the visibility timeout.
22. What is the default visibility timeout for an SQS queue?
   1. 0 seconds
   2. 30 seconds
   3. 12 hours
   4. 7 days
23. What is the default retention period for an SQS queue?
   1. 30 minutes
   2. 1 hour
   3. 1 day
   4. 4 days
   5. 7 days
   6. 14 days
24. You want to make sure that only specific messages placed in an SQS queue are not available for consumption for 10 minutes. Which of the following settings can you use to achieve this?
   1. Delay queue
   2. Message timer
   3. Visibility timeout
   4. Long polling
25. Which of the following SQS queue types can handle over 50,000 in-flight messages?
   1. FIFO
   2. Standard
   3. Delay
   4. Short
26. What SQS queue type always delivers messages in the order they were received?
   1. FIFO
   2. Standard
   3. LIFO
   4. FILO
   5. Basic
27. You have an application that uses long polling to retrieve messages from an SQS queue. Occasionally, the application crashes because of duplicate messages. Which of the following might resolve the issue?
   1. Configure a per-queue delay.
   2. Use a standard queue.
   3. Use a FIFO queue.
   4. Use short polling.
28. A producer application places messages in an SQS queue, and consumer applications poll the queue every 5 seconds using the default polling method. Occasionally, when a consumer polls the queue, SQS reports there are no messages in the queue, even though there are. When the consumer subsequently polls the queue, SQS delivers the messages. Which of the following may explain the missing messages?
   1. Using long polling
   2. Using short polling
   3. Using a FIFO queue
   4. Using a standard queue
29. Which of the following situations calls for a dead-letter queue?
   1. A message sits in the queue for too long and gets deleted.
   2. Different consumers receive and process the same message.
   3. Messages are mysteriously disappearing from the queue.
   4. A consumer repeatedly fails to process a particular message.
30. A message that's 6 days old is sent to a dead-letter queue. The retention period for the dead-letter queue and the source queue is 10 days. What will happen to the message?
   1. It will sit in the dead-letter queue for up to 10 days.
   2. It will be immediately deleted.
   3. It will be deleted after four days.
   4. It will sit in the dead-letter queue for up to 20 days.
Chapter 11 Review Questions
1. Which of the following are parameters used to describe the performance of specific EC2 instance types? (Choose three.)
   1. ECUs (EC2 compute units)
   2. vCPUs (virtual CPUs)
   3. ACCpR (Aggregate Cumulative Cost per Request)
   4. Intel AES-NI
   5. Maximum read replicas
2. As the popularity of your EC2-based application grows, you need to improve your infrastructure so that it can better handle fluctuations in demand. Which of the following are normally necessary components for successful Auto Scaling? (Choose three.)
   1. Launch configuration
   2. Load balancer
   3. Custom-defined EC2 AMI
   4. A start.sh script
   5. An AWS OpsWorks stack
3. Which of the following best describes the role that launch configurations play in Auto Scaling?
   1. Define the capacity metric that will trigger a scaling change.
   2. Define the AMI to be deployed by Auto Scaling operations.
   3. Control the minimum and maximum number of instances to allow.
   4. Define the associated load balancer.
4. You're considering building your new e-commerce application using a microservices architecture where individual servers are tasked with separate but complementary tasks (document server, database, cache, etc.). Which of the following is probably the best platform?
   1. Elastic Container Service
   2. Lambda
   3. ECR
   4. Elastic Beanstalk
5. Your EC2 deployment profile would benefit from a traditional RAID configuration for the EBS volumes you're using. Where are RAID-optimized EBS volume configurations performed?
   1. From the EBS dashboard
   2. From the EC2 Storage Optimization dashboard
   3. From the AWS CLI
   4. From within the EC2 instance OS
6. Which of the following tools will provide both low-latency access and resilience for your S3-based data?
   1. CloudFront
   2. RAID arrays
   3. Cross-region replication
   4. Transfer Acceleration
7. Which of the following tools uses CloudFront edge locations to speed up data transfers?
   1. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
   2. S3 Cross-Region Replication
   3. EBS Data Transfer Wizard
   4. EC2 Auto Scaling
8. Your multi-tiered application has been experiencing slower than normal data reads and writes. As you work on improving performance, which of the following is not a major design consideration for a managed RDS database?
   1. Optimizing indexes
   2. Optimizing scalability
   3. Optimizing schemas
   4. Optimizing views
9. Which of the following are possible advantages of hosting a relational database on an EC2 instance over using the RDS service? (Choose two.)
   1. Automated software patches
   2. Automated OS updates
   3. Out-of-the-box Auto Scaling
   4. Cost savings
   5. Greater host control
10. You've received complaints from users that performance on your EC2-based graphics processing application is slower than normal. Demand has been rising over the past month or two, which could be a factor. Which of the following is the most likely to help? (Choose two.)
   1. Moving your application to Amazon LightSail
   2. Switching to an EC2 instance that supports enhanced graphics
   3. Deploying Amazon Elasticsearch in front of your instance
   4. Increasing the instance limit on your Auto Scaling group
   5. Putting your application behind a CloudFront distribution
11. Which of the following load balancer types is optimized for TCP-based applications and preserves the source IP address?
   1. Application load balancer
   2. Classic load balancer
   3. Network load balancer
   4. Gateway load balancer
12. Which of the following can be used to configure a CloudFormation template? (Choose three.)
   1. The CloudFormation drag-and-drop interface
   2. Selecting a prebuilt sample template
   3. Importing a template from AWS CloudDeploy
   4. Creating your own JSON template document
   5. Importing a template from Systems Manager
13. Which of the following details is not a necessary component of a CloudFormation configuration?
   1. Default node name
   2. Stack name
   3. Database name
   4. DB User name
14. Which of the following can be integrated into your AWS workflow through AWS OpsWorks? (Choose two.)
   1. Ansible
   2. Chef
   3. Terraform
   4. SaltStack
   5. Puppet
15. Which of the following are important elements of a successful resource monitoring protocol? (Choose two.)
   1. CloudWatch dashboards
   2. CloudWatch OneView
   3. SNS alerts
   4. AWS Config dashboards
16. Which of the following will most enhance the value of the CloudWatch data your resources generate? (Choose two.)
   1. Predefined performance baselines
   2. Predefined key performance indicators (KPIs)
   3. Advance permission from AWS
   4. A complete record of your account's resource configuration changes
   5. A running Service Catalog task
17. Which of the following can be used to audit the changes made to your account and resource configurations?
   1. AWS CloudTrail
   2. AWS CloudWatch
   3. AWS CodePipeline
   4. AWS Config
18. Which of the following caching engines can be integrated with Amazon ElastiCache? (Choose two.)
   1. Varnish
   2. Redis
   3. Memcached
   4. Nginx
19. Which of the following use case scenarios are a good fit for caching using Redis and ElastiCache? (Choose two.)
   1. Your online application requires users' session states to be saved and the behavior of all active users to be compared.
   2. Your online application needs the fastest operation available.
   3. Your admin is not familiar with caching and is looking for a relatively simple setup for a straightforward application performance improvement.
   4. You're not sure what your application needs might be in a month or two, so you want to leave open as many options as possible.
20. Which of the following database engines is not a candidate for read replicas within Amazon RDS?
   1. MySQL
   2. DynamoDB
   3. MariaDB
   4. PostgreSQL
21. When using CloudFormation to provision multiple stacks of related resources, by which of the following should you organize your resources into different stacks? (Choose two.)
   1. Cost
   2. S3 bucket
   3. Life cycle
   4. Ownership
22. Which of the following resource properties are good candidates for definition as parameters in a CloudFormation template? (Choose two.)
   1. AMI ID
   2. EC2 key pair name
   3. Stack name
   4. Logical ID
23. You want to use nested stacks to create an EC2 Auto Scaling group and the supporting VPC infrastructure. These stacks do not need to pass any information to stacks outside of the nested stack hierarchy. Which of the following must you add to the template that creates the Auto Scaling group?
   1. An Export field to the Output section
   2. A resource of the type AWS::EC2::VPC
   3. A resource of the type AWS::CloudFormation::Stack
   4. Fn::ImportValue
24. You need to update a stack that has a stack policy applied. What must you do to verify the specific resources CloudFormation will change before updating the stack?
   1. Create a change set.
   2. Perform a direct update.
   3. Update the stack policy.
   4. Override the stack policy.
Chapter 12 Review Questions
1. Which of the following options can you not set in a password policy? (Choose two.)
   1. Maximum length
   2. Require the use of numbers
   3. Prevent multiple users from using the same password
   4. Require an administrator to reset an expired password
2. An IAM user is attached to a customer-managed policy granting them sufficient access to carry out their duties. You want to require multifactor authentication (MFA) for this user to use the AWS CLI. What element should you change in the policy?
   1. Resource
   2. Condition
   3. Action
   4. Principal
3. You created an IAM policy that another administrator subsequently modified. You need to restore the policy to its original state but don't remember how it was configured. What should you do to restore the policy? (Choose two.)
   1. Consult CloudTrail global management event logs.
   2. Restore the policy from a snapshot.
   3. Consult CloudTrail data event logs.
   4. Revert to the previous policy version.
4. An IAM user with full access to all EC2 actions in all regions assumes a role that has access to only the EC2 RunInstances operation in the us-east-1 region. What will the user be able to do under the assumed role?
   1. Create a new instance in any region.
   2. Create a new instance in the us-east-1 region.
   3. Start an existing instance in the us-east-1 region.
   4. Start an existing instance in any region.
5. Several objects in a S3 bucket are encrypted using a KMS customer master key. Which of the following will give an IAM user permission to decrypt these objects?
   1. Add the user to the key policy as a key user.
   2. Grant the user access to the key using an IAM policy.
   3. Add the user to the key policy as a key administrator.
   4. Add the user as a principal to the bucket policy.
6. You run a public-facing application on EC2 instances. The application is backed by a database running on RDS. Users access it using multiple domain names that are hosted in Route 53. You want to get an idea of what IP addresses are accessing your application. Which of the following would you stream to CloudWatch Logs to get this information?
   1. RDS logs
   2. DNS query logs
   3. VPC flow logs
   4. CloudTrail logs
7. You're running a web server that keeps a detailed log of web requests. You want to determine which IP address has made the most requests in the last 24 hours. What should you do to accomplish this? (Choose two.)
   1. Create a metric filter.
   2. Stream the web server logs to CloudWatch Logs.
   3. Upload the web server log to S3.
   4. Use Athena to query the data.
8. An application running on an EC2 instance has been updated to send large amounts of data to a server in your datacenter for backup. Previously, the instance generated very little traffic. Which GuardDuty finding type is this likely to trigger?
   1. Behavior
   2. Backdoor
   3. Stealth
   4. ResourceConsumption
9. You've set up an AWS Config managed rule to check whether a particular security group is attached to every instance in a VPC. You receive an SNS notification that an instance is out of compliance. But when you check the instance a few hours later, the security group is attached. Which of the following may help explain the apparent discrepancy? (Choose two.)
   1. The AWS Config timeline
   2. Lambda logs
   3. CloudTrail management event logs
   4. VPC flow logs
10. You want to use Amazon Inspector to analyze the security posture of your EC2 instances running Windows. Which rules package should you not use in your assessment?
   1. Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures
   2. Center for Internet Security Benchmarks
   3. Runtime Behavior Analysis
   4. Security Best Practices
11. You have a distributed application running in datacenters around the world. The application connects to a public Simple Queue Service (SQS) endpoint to send messages to a queue. How can you prevent an attacker from using this endpoint to gain unauthorized access to the queue? (Choose two.)
   1. Network access control lists
   2. Security groups
   3. IAM policies
   4. SQS access policies
12. You're using a public-facing application load balancer to forward traffic to EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. What can you do to ensure users on the Internet can reach the load balancer over HTTPS without reaching your instances directly? (Choose two.)
   1. Create a security group that allows all inbound traffic to TCP port 443.
   2. Attach the security group to the instances.
   3. Attach the security group to the load balancer.
   4. Remove the Internet gateway from the VPC.
   5. Create a security group that allows all inbound traffic to TCP port 80.
13. You're running a UDP-based application on an EC2 instance. How can you protect it against a DDoS attack?
   1. Place the instance behind a network load balancer.
   2. Implement a security group to restrict inbound access to the instance.
   3. Place the instance behind an application load balancer.
   4. Enable AWS Shield Standard.
14. You're running a web application on six EC2 instances behind a network load balancer. The web application uses a MySQL database. How can you protect your application against SQL injection attacks? (Choose two.)
   1. Enable WAF.
   2. Assign elastic IP addresses to the instances.
   3. Place the instances behind an application load balancer.
   4. Block TCP port 3306.
15. Which services protect against an HTTP flood attack?
   1. GuardDuty
   2. WAF
   3. Shield Standard
   4. Shield Advanced
16. Your security policy requires that you use a KMS key for encrypting S3 objects. It further requires this key be rotated once a year and revoked when misuse is detected. Which key type should you use? (Choose two.)
   1. Customer-managed CMK
   2. AWS-managed CMK
   3. S3-managed key
   4. Customer-provided key
17. A developer is designing an application to run on AWS and has asked for your input in deciding whether to use a SQL database or DynamoDB for storing highly transactional application data. Your security policy requires all application data to be encrypted and encryption keys to be rotated every 90 days. Which AWS service should you recommend for storing application data? (Choose two.)
   1. KMS
   2. RedShift
   3. DynamoDB
   4. RDS
18. You need to copy the data from an unencrypted EBS volume to another region and encrypt it. How can you accomplish this? (Choose two.)
   1. Create an encrypted snapshot of the unencrypted volume.
   2. Simultaneously encrypt and copy the snapshot to the destination region.
   3. Copy the encrypted snapshot to the destination region.
   4. Create an unencrypted snapshot of the unencrypted volume.
19. An instance with an unencrypted EBS volume has an unencrypted EFS filesystem mounted on it. You need to encrypt the data on an existing EFS filesystem using a KMS key. How can you accomplish this?
   1. Encrypt the EBS volume of the instance.
   2. Create a new encrypted EFS filesystem and copy the data to it.
   3. Enable encryption on the existing EFS filesystem.
   4. Use a third-party encryption program to encrypt the data.
20. On which of the following can you not use an ACM-generated TLS certificate? (Choose two.)
   1. An S3 bucket
   2. A CloudFront distribution
   3. An application load balancer
   4. An EC2 instance
21. Which of the following assesses the security posture of your AWS resources against AWS best practices?
   1. Detective
   2. Macie
   3. Security Hub
   4. GuardDuty
Chapter 13 Review Questions
1. Which of the following best describes the AWS Free Tier?
   1. Free access to AWS services for a new account's first month
   2. Free access to all instance types of AWS EC2 instances for new accounts
   3. Free access to basic levels of AWS services for a new account's first year
   4. Unlimited and open-ended access to the “free tier” of most AWS services
2. Which of the following storage classes provides the least expensive storage and transfer rates?
   1. Amazon S3 Glacier
   2. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
   3. Amazon S3 Standard
   4. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access
3. Which AWS service is best suited to controlling your spending by sending email alerts?
   1. Cost Explorer
   2. Budgets
   3. Organizations
   4. TCO Calculator
4. Your AWS infrastructure is growing and you're beginning to have trouble keeping track of what you're spending. Which AWS service is best suited to analyzing account usage data at scale?
   1. Trusted Advisor
   2. Cost Explorer
   3. Budgets
   4. Cost and Usage Reports
5. Your company wants to more closely coordinate the administration of its multiple AWS accounts, and AWS Organizations can help it do that. How does that change your security profile? (Choose three.)
   1. An organization-level administration account breach is potentially more damaging.
   2. User permissions can be controlled centrally at the organization level.
   3. You should upgrade to use only specially hardened organization-level VPCs.
   4. Standard security best practices such as MFA and strong passwords are even more essential.
   5. You should upgrade all of your existing security groups to account for the changes.
6. Which of the following resource states are monitored by AWS Trusted Advisor? (Choose two.)
   1. Route 53 routing failures
   2. Running but idle EC2 instances
   3. S3 buckets with public read access permissions
   4. EC2 Linux instances that allow root account SSH access
   5. Unencrypted S3 bucket data transfers
7. You're planning a new AWS deployment, and your team is debating whether they'll be better off using an RDS database or one run on an EC2 instance. Which of the following tools will be most helpful?
   1. TCO Calculator
   2. AWS Pricing Calculator
   3. Trusted Advisor
   4. Cost and Usage Reports
8. Which of the following is not a metric you can configure an AWS budget to track?
   1. EBS volume capacity
   2. Resource usage
   3. Reserve instance coverage
   4. Resource cost
9. Which of the following statements are true of cost allocation tags? (Choose two.)
   1. Tags can take up to 24 hours before they appear in the Billing and Cost Management dashboard.
   2. Tags can't be applied to resources that were launched before the tags were created.
   3. You're allowed five free budgets per account.
   4. You can activate and manage cost allocation tags from the Tag Editor page.
10. Your online web store normally requires three EC2 instances to handle traffic but experiences a twofold increase in traffic for the two summer months. Which of the following approaches makes the most sense?
   1. Run three on-demand instances 12 months per year and schedule six reserve instances for the summer months.
   2. Run three spot instances for the summer months and three reserve instances 12 months/year.
   3. Run nine reserve instances for 12 months/year.
   4. Run three reserve instances 12 months/year and purchase three scheduled reserve instances for the summer months.
11. Which of the following settings do you not need to provide when configuring a reserved instance?
   1. Payment option
   2. Standard or Convertible RI
   3. Interruption policy
   4. Tenancy
12. Your new web application requires multiple EC2 instances running 24/7 and you're going to purchase reserved instances. Which of the following payment options is the most expensive when configuring a reserve instance?
   1. All Upfront
   2. Partial Upfront
   3. No Upfront
   4. Monthly
13. Which of the following benefits of containers such as Docker can significantly reduce your AWS compute costs? (Choose two.)
   1. Containers can launch quickly.
   2. Containers can deliver increased server density.
   3. Containers make it easy to reliably replicate server environments.
   4. Containers can run using less memory than physical machines.
14. Which of the following is the best use of an EC2 reserved instance?
   1. An application that will run continuously for six months straight
   2. An application that will run continuously for 36 months straight
   3. An application that runs only during local business hours
   4. An application that runs at unpredictable times and can survive unexpected shutdowns
15. Which of the following describes “unused EC2 instances matching a particular set of launch specifications”?
   1. Request type
   2. Spot instance interruption
   3. Spot fleet
   4. Spot instance pool
16. Which of the following best describes a spot instance interruption?
   1. A spot instance interruption occurs when the spot price rises above your maximum.
   2. A spot instance interruption is the termination of a spot instance when its workload completes.
   3. A spot instance interruption occurs when a spot request is manually restarted.
   4. A spot instance interruption is the result of a temporary outage in an AWS datacenter.
17. Which of the following describes the maximum instances or vCPUs you want running?
   1. Spot instance pool
   2. Target capacity
   3. Spot maximum
   4. Spot cap
18. You need to make sure your EBS volumes are regularly backed up, but you're afraid you'll forget to remove older snapshot versions, leading to expensive data bloat. What's the best solution to this problem?
   1. Configure the EBS Lifecycle Manager.
   2. Create a script that will regularly invoke the AWS CLI to prune older snapshots.
   3. Configure an EBS Scheduled Reserved Instance.
   4. Tie a string to your finger.
   5. Configure an S3 Lifecycle configuration policy to remove old snapshots.
19. Which of these AWS CLI commands will launch a spot fleet?
   1. aws ec2 request-fleet --spot-fleet-request-config file://Config.json
   2. aws ec2 spot-fleet --spot-fleet-request-config file://Config.json
   3. aws ec2 launch-spot-fleet --spot-fleet-request-config/ file://Config.json
   4. aws ec2 request-spot-fleet --spot-fleet-request-config/ file://Config.json
20. Which of the following elements is not something you'd include in your spot fleet request?
   1. Availability zone
   2. Target capacity
   3. Platform (the instance OS)
   4. AMI